## 2020-05-19 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present:**

Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)  
Robin Ginn (@rginn)  
Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)  
Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)  
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)  

**Agenda**

*   **Meta Issues**
    *   Approve last weeks minutes - done
    *   Pre-filtering questions changed - please review - done, looks good
*   **Venue & Date Updates**
    *   qiqo - walk through
        * Action: Ask Celia & LF team about chat permissions- can we send messages out to the entire platform? Also how to think about setting permissions on shared documents that will be embedded in the platform.
*   **Summit Programming**
    *   Schedule planning - [review doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H7UqGad5oxV5t5rDxj2oeczmxcXClFyOB_kQ36veWDk/edit#gid=2004366178)
        *   Thanks to IBM team for reviewing scheduling tool - recommendation is to use sessionize.
        *   Update from AMP
        *   Talking to Electron
    *   Remote presentation Guide - resources from the LF published